# unittest.mock.Mock

Here are the most important concepts and features of `unittest.mock.Mock` 
that will help you understand the majority (80%) of its functionality: 

1. **Mock Objects:** A `Mock` object is a substitute for a real object or 
function, allowing you to control its behavior during testing. You can define 
return values, side effects, and simulate attribute access and method calls. 

2. **Configuring Return Values:** Use the `return_value` attribute of a `
Mock` object to specify the value that the mock should return when called. 
For example, `my_mock.return_value = 42`. 

3. **Specifying Side Effects:** The `side_effect` attribute of a `Mock` 
object allows you to define a callable that will be executed instead of 
returning a value. This is useful for simulating exceptions, raising errors, 
or performing custom actions. 

4. **Method Calls:** You can simulate method calls on a `Mock` object and 
specify the behavior of those calls. For example, `
my_mock.method.return_value = 10` will make `my_mock.method()` return `10`. 

5. **Attribute Access:** `Mock` objects can simulate attribute access. You 
can access or set attributes on a `Mock` object, and even chain multiple 
attributes together. 

6. **Call Tracking:** `Mock` objects keep track of how they are called, 
allowing you to assert that certain methods were called with specific 
arguments or in a particular order. 

7. **Assertions on Mocks:** `unittest.mock` provides various assertion 
methods to verify the behavior of mock objects, such as `assert_called()`, `
assert_called_once()`, `assert_called_with()`, and more. 

8. **Side-Effect Functions:** When using `side_effect`, you can pass in a 
function that dynamically generates return values or performs complex actions 
based on the arguments passed to the mock. 

9. **Context Managers:** `unittest.mock` provides the `patch()` context 
manager, which temporarily replaces an object or function with a `Mock` 
object within a specific scope, automatically restoring the original object 
when the context exits. 

10. **Decorators:** The `patch()` decorator can be used to patch objects or 
functions for the duration of a test method or function. 

11. **Magic Methods:** `Mock` objects can emulate special magic methods (
e.g., `__len__`, `__iter__`, `__getitem__`) to support custom behavior when 
used in specific contexts. 

12. **Patching Classes:** You can patch entire classes to replace their 
methods with `Mock` objects, allowing you to control the behavior of all 
instances of that class. 

13. **Property Mocks:** Use the `PropertyMock` class to mock properties of an 
object, allowing you to define custom behavior for property access and 
assignment. 

14. **Handling Attribute Errors:** By default, accessing undefined attributes 
or methods on a `Mock` object will return another `Mock` object. You can 
change this behavior by setting the `spec` or `spec_set` attributes to a 
class or object, making the `Mock` object behave more like the specified 
class or object. 

15. **Callable Mocks:** `Mock` objects can be called as functions. By 
default, calling a `Mock` will return another `Mock` object, but you can 
customize the return value or side effects using `return_value` or `
side_effect`. 

16. **Configuring Mocks:** You can configure `Mock` objects using method 
chaining or attribute assignment to set return values, side effects, and 
other behaviors. 

17. **Resetting Mocks:** Use the `reset_mock()` method to reset a `Mock` 
object's state, clearing call counts, return values, and other attributes. 

18. **`ANY` Matcher:** The `ANY` matcher 

allows you to assert that a mock method was called with any argument, 
regardless of its value. 

19. **Patch Dicts and Modules:** `unittest.mock` provides specialized helpers 
like `patch.dict()` and `patch.object()` to patch dictionaries and modules, 
respectively. 

20. **Best Practices:** Follow best practices for effective mocking, such as 
using dependency injection to easily replace dependencies with `Mock` 
objects, creating separate test cases for different scenarios, and minimizing 
the use of mocks when not necessary. 

