# Side Effect Basics:

In the context of unit testing, side_effect is a feature commonly found in 
testing frameworks, such as the unittest module in Python. It allows you to 
define a specific behavior or side effect for a function or method being 
tested, typically in the form of a mock or a stub. 

In unit testing, mocks and stubs are used to replace dependencies of the code 
under test. They simulate the behavior of the real dependencies and allow you 
to control their responses in order to isolate and test specific parts of 
your code. 

The side_effect attribute is used when creating a mock or a stub to define 
the desired behavior. It can take different forms depending on the testing 
framework being used, but the general idea is to provide a callable object (
such as a function or a method) that will be called when the mocked or 
stubbed function is invoked. 


## Why I should use side_effect?

The `side_effect` feature in unit testing provides several benefits and use 
cases: 

1. **Controlled Behavior**: With `side_effect`, you can define a specific 
behavior or response for a mocked or stubbed function. This allows you to 
control the execution path and return values of the function being tested, 
regardless of its actual implementation. It helps you simulate different 
scenarios and ensure that your code behaves correctly under various 
conditions. 

2. **Isolation**: `side_effect` allows you to isolate the code under test by 
replacing its dependencies with mocks or stubs. This is particularly useful 
when testing code that relies on external systems, such as databases, web 
services, or hardware devices. By controlling the behavior of these 
dependencies, you can focus on testing the specific logic within your code 
without worrying about the behavior of the external systems. 

3. **Avoiding Expensive Operations**: In some cases, the code you want to 
test may involve expensive operations, such as making network requests, 
accessing databases, or performing complex calculations. By using `
side_effect`, you can replace these operations with simpler, controlled 
behaviors that execute more quickly. This can significantly speed up your 
test execution and make your tests more efficient. 

4. **Error Injection**: `side_effect` allows you to inject specific errors or 
exceptions into the mocked or stubbed function. This is valuable for testing 
error handling and exception flows in your code. You can simulate different 
error conditions and ensure that your code handles them correctly. 

5. **Non-Deterministic Behavior**: Sometimes, the behavior of a function may 
be non-deterministic or rely on randomization. This can make it challenging 
to write reliable and repeatable tests. By using `side_effect`, you can 
replace the random or non-deterministic behavior with a controlled one, 
ensuring that your tests produce consistent results. 

6. **Testing Edge Cases**: `side_effect` enables you to test edge cases and 
corner scenarios that are difficult to reproduce in real-world conditions. 
For example, you can simulate rare or exceptional events that are hard to 
trigger in a live environment. This helps you uncover potential bugs or 
vulnerabilities in your code. 

Overall, `side_effect` provides flexibility and control in unit testing. It 
allows you to define specific behaviors for mocked or stubbed functions, 
simulate different scenarios, and focus on testing the core logic of your 
code. By using `side_effect` effectively, you can improve the reliability, 
efficiency, and coverage of your unit tests. 


