# unittest

Here are the key concepts and features of the `unittest` module in Python 
that will help you understand the majority of its functionality: 

1. **Test Cases:** A test case is the smallest unit of testing in `unittest`. 
It is a subclass of the `unittest.TestCase` class and contains individual 
test methods. 

2. **Test Fixtures:** Test fixtures are the setup and teardown methods used 
to prepare the environment for testing and clean up afterward. The `setUp()` 
and `tearDown()` methods are commonly used fixtures. 

3. **Test Methods:** Test methods are functions within a test case class that 
begin with the prefix `test_`. These methods define the individual tests that 
will be executed. 

4. **Test Suites:** A test suite is a collection of test cases or other test 
suites. It allows you to organize and run multiple tests as a single entity. 

5. **Test Runner:** The test runner is responsible for discovering, 
executing, and reporting the test results. It provides various command-line 
options and test discovery mechanisms. 

6. **Assertions:** Assertions are statements that check if a condition is 
true during testing. They help determine whether the code being tested 
behaves as expected. The `assert` keyword is commonly used to define 
assertions. 

7. **Test Discovery:** The `unittest` module provides a test discovery 
mechanism that automatically discovers and runs all test cases and test 
methods within a specified directory or module. 

8. **Skipping Tests:** You can mark tests as skipped using the 
`@unittest.skip()` decorator or conditional skipping with the `
@unittest.skipIf()` decorator. This allows you to temporarily exclude tests 
from execution. 

9. **Expected Failures:** You can mark tests as expected failures using the 
`@unittest.expectedFailure` decorator. These tests are executed but are not 
counted as failures if they raise certain specified exceptions. 

10. **Test Execution Order:** By default, the `unittest` framework runs test 
methods in alphabetical order. However, you should write your tests in a way 
that they are independent of the execution order. 

11. **Test Result Reporting:** The test runner provides detailed reports on 
test results, including the number of tests run, failures, errors, and 
skipped tests. It also provides options for generating XML or HTML reports. 

12. **Test Coverage:** Test coverage measures the extent to which your code 
is tested by your test suite. You can use third-party tools like `
coverage.py` to determine the code coverage of your tests. 

13. **Parameterized Tests:** `unittest` supports parameterized testing using 
the `@unittest.parameterized.parameterized` decorator. It allows you to run 
the same test with different inputs and expected outputs. 

14. **Mocking and Patching:** The `unittest.mock` module provides classes and 
functions for creating mock objects and patching existing objects or 
functions. Mocking is useful for isolating code under test from its 
dependencies. 

15. **SubTest Context Manager:** The `subTest()` method allows you to run a 
block of code as a subtest within a test method. It helps in running multiple 
similar tests and reporting individual failures. 

16. **Test Loaders:** `unittest` provides test loaders that allow you to 
control how tests are discovered and loaded. You can create custom test 
loaders to suit your specific requirements. 

17. **Test Timeouts:** You can set a timeout for individual test methods 
using the `@unittest.timeout()` decorator. If the test runs longer than the 
specified timeout, it is terminated. 

18. **Test Skipping and Skipping Conditionally:** You can skip tests based on 
certain conditions using the `@unittest.skip()` and `@unittest.skipIf()` 
decorators. This can be useful for skipping tests on specific platforms or 
configurations. 

19. **Test Parameterization with TestCases:** You can use the 
`unittest.TestCase` class as a parameterized test case by creating subclasses 
with different sets of input data and test methods. 

20. **Test Discovery Configuration:** You can configure the test discovery 
process using various configuration files (such as `unittest.cfg` or 
`pyproject.toml`) or by setting environment variables.